Migrate Aggregate Translation Script from Toolkit (#2)
cerner/terra-aggregate-translations: README.md

## Aggregate Translations Tool

> This modules provides the `aggregate-translations` pre-build tool to assist with creating the translation and loader files needed for nternationalized and localizatized Terra compoennts to render correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides the `aggregate-translations` pre-build tool to assist with creating the translation and loader files needed for internationalized and localized Terra components to render correctly.
```

```js
scripts: {
    // ...other scripts
    "aggregate-translations": "tt-aggregate-translations -l ['en','es'] -e ./node_modules/packageToExclude",
    "start:build": "npm run aggregate-translations && npm run start"
}
```

#### terraI18n.config Example
Both the setup function and CLI methods allow for the configuration options to be loaded via a config file. The `aggregate-translations` tool will always attempt to load this config by default. If no config path is provided, the aggregate-translations tool will attempt to load the configuration from `./terraI18n.config.js`. If this file does not exist, the default configuration is used.

Add a terra-i18n config file like:
```js
module.exports = {
  locales: ['en', 'en-US'],
};
```

Then, to load the config someplace other than `./terraI18n.config.js`, simply add the config path as follows:
```js
// using setup approach
aggregateTranslations({ configPath: './config/terraI18n.config.js' });

// using CLI approach
"aggregate-translations": "tt-aggregate-translations -c ./config/terraI18n.config.js",
```

## Resolving Translations and Loaders

> To provide the aggregated-translations files and loaders as modules to the terra-i18n component, the translated output directory must be supplied the webpack `resolve.modules` key before 'node_modules' resolution:

Reviewer: What does this line mean? 

> 'the translated output directory must be supplied the webpack `resolve.modules` key before 'node_modules' resolution'

Author: @nramamurth 

Since webpack is a static code analysis tool used to bundle assets, webpack need to know where imported modules are coming from. So it uses/searches through the `resolve.modules` directories defined in the webpack configuration when bundling assets. Because we import the translation loader, locale loader and locale file for a specific locale, we need to include the aggregate-translations directory in the `resolve.modules` list. Then since the node_modules dir is huge and because we want to honor our project's aggregated-translations (incase it was exported in another project) we need to list it first.

more info: https://webpack.js.org/concepts/module-resolution/

```js
 resolve: {
    modules: [path.resolve(__dirname, 'aggregated-translations'), 'node_modules'],
 },
```
This `resolve.modules` configuration indicates module resolving occurs in this order:
1. `./aggregated_translations` (or indicated output directory)
2. `./node_modules`

# Compiling with ES6 syntax.

The aggregate-translations script has the ability to compile with ES6 syntax by setting the format prop to 'es6'. To get these to work properly with Jest and the rest of your configuration, you need to add the [babel-plugin-syntax-dynamic-import](https://www.npmjs.com/package/babel-plugin-syntax-dynamic-import) plugin to your babel configuration. Since we are not using Babel 7 in Terra, you need to use version 6.18.0 to be compatible with our code base.

## Versioning

> Terra-toolkit is considered to be stable and will follow [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning.

Reviewer: nit: `terra-aggregate-translations`, you meant?
